com/fgtit/data/ConversionsEx.java
 com.fgtit.data.ConversionsEx
com/fgtit/device/Constants.java
 com.fgtit.device.Constants
com/UI/Home/HomeViewModel.java
 com.UI.Home.HomeViewModel
com/fgtit/data/Conversions.java
 com.fgtit.data.Conversions
com/Dao/FingerPrintDao.java
 com.Dao.FingerPrintDao
com/fgtit/device/HighModule.java
 com.fgtit.device.HighModule
 com.fgtit.device.HighModule$1
 com.fgtit.device.HighModule$OnDeleteCharListener
 com.fgtit.device.HighModule$OnDownCharListener
 com.fgtit.device.HighModule$OnEmptyListener
 com.fgtit.device.HighModule$OnEnrollListener
 com.fgtit.device.HighModule$OnGenCharExListener
 com.fgtit.device.HighModule$OnGenCharListener
 com.fgtit.device.HighModule$OnGetImageExListener
 com.fgtit.device.HighModule$OnGetImageListener
 com.fgtit.device.HighModule$OnIdentifyListener
 com.fgtit.device.HighModule$OnLoadCharListener
 com.fgtit.device.HighModule$OnMatchListener
 com.fgtit.device.HighModule$OnRegModelListener
 com.fgtit.device.HighModule$OnSearchListener
 com.fgtit.device.HighModule$OnStoreCharListener
 com.fgtit.device.HighModule$OnUpCharListener
 com.fgtit.device.HighModule$OnUpImageExListener
 com.fgtit.device.HighModule$OnUpImageListener
 com.fgtit.device.HighModule$ReadThread
 com.fgtit.device.HighModule$WorkerHandler
com/example/handsets/MainActivity.java
 com.example.handsets.MainActivity
android/fpi/GpioControl.java
 android.fpi.GpioControl
com/fgtit/device/UsbModule.java
 com.fgtit.device.UsbModule
com/UI/EmployeeList/EmployeeListViewModel.java
 com.UI.EmployeeList.EmployeeListViewModel
com/UI/Enroll/EnrollViewModel.java
 com.UI.Enroll.EnrollViewModel
com/UI/AttendanceHistory/AttendanceViewModel.java
 com.UI.AttendanceHistory.AttendanceViewModel
Model/FingerPrint.java
 Model.FingerPrint
android_serialport_api/SerialPort.java
 android_serialport_api.SerialPort
com/Database/FingerPrintsDatabase.java
 com.Database.FingerPrintsDatabase
com/fgtit/device/SerialModule.java
 com.fgtit.device.SerialModule
 com.fgtit.device.SerialModule$1
 com.fgtit.device.SerialModule$OnDeleteCharListener
 com.fgtit.device.SerialModule$OnDownCharListener
 com.fgtit.device.SerialModule$OnEmptyListener
 com.fgtit.device.SerialModule$OnEnrollListener
 com.fgtit.device.SerialModule$OnGenCharExListener
 com.fgtit.device.SerialModule$OnGenCharListener
 com.fgtit.device.SerialModule$OnGetImageExListener
 com.fgtit.device.SerialModule$OnGetImageListener
 com.fgtit.device.SerialModule$OnIdentifyListener
 com.fgtit.device.SerialModule$OnLoadCharListener
 com.fgtit.device.SerialModule$OnMatchListener
 com.fgtit.device.SerialModule$OnRegModelListener
 com.fgtit.device.SerialModule$OnSearchListener
 com.fgtit.device.SerialModule$OnStoreCharListener
 com.fgtit.device.SerialModule$OnUpCharListener
 com.fgtit.device.SerialModule$OnUpImageExListener
 com.fgtit.device.SerialModule$OnUpImageListener
 com.fgtit.device.SerialModule$ReadThread
 com.fgtit.device.SerialModule$WorkerHandler
com/UI/Enroll/EnrollFragment.java
 com.UI.Enroll.EnrollFragment
com/fgtit/device/FPModule.java
 com.fgtit.device.FPModule
 com.fgtit.device.FPModule$1
 com.fgtit.device.FPModule$10
 com.fgtit.device.FPModule$2
 com.fgtit.device.FPModule$3
 com.fgtit.device.FPModule$4
 com.fgtit.device.FPModule$5
 com.fgtit.device.FPModule$6
 com.fgtit.device.FPModule$7
 com.fgtit.device.FPModule$8
 com.fgtit.device.FPModule$9
 com.fgtit.device.FPModule$WorkThread
com/UI/EmployeeList/EmployeeListFragment.java
 com.UI.EmployeeList.EmployeeListFragment
com/UI/Admin/AdminViewModel.java
 com.UI.Admin.AdminViewModel
com/UI/Admin/AdminFragment.java
 com.UI.Admin.AdminFragment
com/fgtit/data/wsq.java
 com.fgtit.data.wsq
com/UI/Home/HomeFragment.java
 com.UI.Home.HomeFragment
 com.UI.Home.HomeFragment$1
com/example/handsets/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.handsets.BuildConfig
com/fgtit/fpcore/FPMatch.java
 com.fgtit.fpcore.FPMatch
com/fgtit/device/DataUtils.java
 com.fgtit.device.DataUtils
com/UI/AttendanceHistory/AttendanceHistoryFragment.java
 com.UI.AttendanceHistory.AttendanceHistoryFragment
